hello to you channel territory
men and this video I start a rubric
where I will tell in detail
show about how to knit
net but not fishing net which
I use for fishing and which
used for making landing net
crushers
sadko for either and the rest of our
today's video I will tell about those
devices that are used for
punish our networks here so
called the shuttle i have them two
this one is made of the mountains of their glass it
has a bigger size
having doing the netting and stuff in general for
cells of a relatively large size of
20 25 30 millimeters or more
I mainly use this one
shuttle I have it made of aluminum
aluminum is approximately one and a half
up to two millimeters thick this stocking
still got from father
father doesn't knit anymore I see this shuttle
used to knit cell from 15 and
higher here is my shuttle
I also use these mandrels
notice that the thickness of this edit is
the size of our and h and here we look at it
thirty so -called
I am using this mandrel knit podsake
for big fish there for pike perch
other here there is still this in my opinion
also thirty there is no 30 heel we have 30
heel
this is 12k this is 1516 this plan and
I use for rakolovok
I use this smaller for a small
you can make sediment on small fish
from any material or from plastic
I have some aluminum sheet
aluminum is plastic
But with the help of such uncomplicated
adaptations
Here I sleep rakolovku this billet on
as we see a cell at us somewhere
20 . happened
In the following videos I will tell
how to tie the head and then how
from the grid to make a real rakolovok
still forgot to say for knitting here
I use this wire the following video I
I will show you how to start correctly
knit how to knit in a circle how to do
landing net
and so on it all put huskies
subscribe to the channel because it will
Soon a lot of interesting video on
about knitting networks and everything else with
you were the channel of the territory of men to all
until